Project Proposal

Project Title: Hobby Tracker


Team Name: Queers Who Code

Team Members:

Ashley 
Github: ashleyp97
Email: aspa5717@colorado.edu

Alana Powell
Github: alanapowell
Email: alana.powell@colorado.edu

Meeting time: 
Working Meetings: Monday and Friday 4:00pm EST / 1:00pm PT



Vision Statement

Hobby Tracker is a web application for hobby enthusiasts to track and manage their hobbies in a centralized place. 
Our current scope will allow the users to create a unique login and affiliated profile, where they can choose from a list of hobby categories to save to their profile. 
The user will also be able to edit and delete hobbies from their profile, as well as logout or delete their account. 

Motivation

As two students with limited time and varied interests, we see the value in an app that would help us organize our hobbies in order to use our free time more efficiently. 

Risks

Scope creep because there are so many possibilities and useful features that could be added
Learning curve in working with a new tech stack
Having enough time to finish all planned features and coordinating schedules
Understanding the domain and actual priorities of parents
Mitigation Strategy for above risks

Scope creep: Clarifying and define early on the Minimum Viable Product, with other features as "stretch goals"
Learning curve: Using previous assignments and online tutorials to learn as well as working with each other, as we all have a different skill set
Scheduling/Coordiation: Frequent communication & weekly standups along with using project management software to track who is doing what and when
Understanding the domain: Getting feedback from friends on user interface

Development Method

We will use an agile approach with time-boxed sprints and  one to two hour twice-per-week meetings for planning and assigning tasks, and making project adjustments if needed. 
We will use a kanban board for tracking tasks and progress. We would like to continuously test features as we progress with Github actions for automatically running unit tests. 
We will create models on Figma and plan out hobby categories on Mira. 

Project Tracking Software

We plan to use Trello as our kanban board for task and progress tracking. Tasks will be assigned to specific team members or as a group.

Link to Trello: https://trello.com/b/c6DIg0yI/summer-project

Tech Stack

Frontend

HTML and CSS for layout and styling
JavaScript, possibly using React for complex UI components
Backend

Python with Flask using GitHub and StreamLit

